The data is related with direct marketing campaigns of a Portuguese banking institution. The marketing campaigns were based on phone calls. Often, more than one contact to the same client was required, in order to access if the product (bank term deposit) would be ('yes') or not ('no') subscribed. The data collected from a Portuguese bank that used its own contact-center to do directed marketing campaigns. The telephone, with a human agent as the interlocutor, was the dominant marketing channel, although sometimes with an auxiliary use of the Internet online banking channel (e.g. by showing information to specific targeted client). Furthermore, each campaign was managed in an integrated fashion and the results for all channels were outputted together. The dataset collected is related to 17 campaigns that occurred between May 2008 and November 2010, corresponding to a total of 79354 contacts. During these phone campaigns, an attractive long-term deposit application, with good interest rates, was offered. For each contact, a large number of attributes was stored (e.g. see Table 2) and if there was a success (the target variable). For the whole database considered, there were 6499 successes (8% success rate). 

In this project, diffeernt classifiers like ---- Logistic regression, K-nearest neighbors, SVM and Support Vector Machines, been tried and compared for the accuracy. Based on optimization of different hype-parameters and accuracy metrics, Logistic regression model performs beeter.

Here is the link to the Notebook ---

http://localhost:8886/notebooks/Desktop/Machine_learning%20course/module_17_starter/prompt_III.ipynb#There-is-no-considerable-improvement-in-the-accuracy-of-the-model.-So,-it's-not-worth-increasing-the-number-of-feture-columns-for-the-model-selection 
